Pika!
Narrator: The pokéball.
An invention that's captured
the imagination
of people everywhere,
thanks to its ability
to capture the most marvelous
of creatures.
Pokémon.
And to catch one is
an experience like none other.
Each of these
spectacular species
has amazing powers
and attributes
that set them apart
from one another
in ways too numerous to list.
But unique as they are
individually,
together they make up the
incredible world of pokémon.
Golem.
Geo.
- Geodude.
- Geo.
Haunter.
Haunter. Haunter.
Primeape!
- Pelipper!
- Wingull!
Sharpedo.
Pokémon
and people like ash ketchum
can come together as a team.
For once they're captured
in a pokéball,
pokémon bond
with their human trainers
as friends, partners, family.
On their journey of discovery,
trainers and their pokémon
learn as much about themselves
as each other.
And they also realize
that there will always be
more pokémon
than they could ever
have imagined.
You see, for each pokémon
that's discovered,
there are dozens,
perhaps hundreds, more
we have yet to meet.
One thing's for sure.
With each of these new pokémon
come new possibilities,
new stories, new friendships,
and new adventures.
Perhaps pokémon trainers
aren't the only ones to
seek out new species.
The pokémon themselves seem to
have an innate curiosity
for the creatures of this world
and of worlds beyond.
After all, we may live
on a pokémon planet,
but nobody ever said
that it's the only one.
Professor, have you seen Tory?
Take a look.
Uh-huh.
Impossible keeping up with him.
Spheal!
Wow, it's a spheal.
Spheal, spheal!
Hi.
Spheal, spheal. Spheal!
Spheal!
Spheal! Spheal! Spheal, spheal!
Ah!
Whoa!
Aah!
Tory!
Oh!
You're okay. I've got you.
Thank you, daddy.
It's some kind of pokémon,
isn't it?
Yes.
It's a pokémon from outer space.
Rayquaza never leaves
the ozone layer.
Why now?
It regenerated.
But how's that possible?
Let's go. It's too dangerous.
Yeah.
Are you okay?
Quick. Follow me.
I'm right behind you.
Whoa!
Spheal, spheal, spheal!
Spheal! Spheal!
Oh, what is it?
Look at that.
Rayquaza is furious.
Another pokémon
crossing into its territory
has obviously threatened it.
4 years later...
Huh?
Fire the laser.
Raise our trajectory by.5.
Right.
That's the frequency.
Finally. In sync.
- That means...
- Yes.
The crystal should regenerate
if we keep the laser on target.
We will succeed.
We have to.
We overloaded the regulator.
It was just one small component
that malfunctioned.
A simple replacement.
Good.
We'll try again
after it's fixed.
Yes, sir.
Huh?
Guess what.
I'm gonna tell you
about this book I'm reading.
It's so good.
Once that part's replaced,
we're almost home.
Yeah, we're so close.
Huh?
I was right.
I did see it glow.
Wow!
On his journey to become
a pokémon master,
ash ketchum and his friends
arrive in larousse city,
the headquarters for anything
and everything high-tech.
But he's not here
for the gadgets and gizmos.
Ash is itching for action at
the town's famous battle tower.
- Pelipper!
Yay!
Munch.
Munch, munch, munch, munch.
Munch?
Munch.
Munch!
- Whoa!
Welcome.
You are now in larousse city.
Welcome again.
- Cool.
- It's so cute.
A robot.
What could be better than that?
Being greeted by a real live
beautiful girl
could be one thing.
Smile!
Computer:
Visitor data confirmed.
Citizenship
and point of origin recorded.
These will serve
as your passports.
Our passports?
While in larousse city,
keep them with you at all times.
Your passports can be used
for shopping and other needs.
Don't think I'll be sending
this one home.
So, I wonder which way to go
for the battle tower?
Aah!
Help!
Hey, ash, quit messing around.
A moving sidewalk.
Dude, you're swimming upstream.
There is an easier way.
If t ever get off of this thing,
maybe you could show it to me.
Aah!
Nice fall.
Together: Nice fall.
Blaze.
Help him out, blaziken, okay?
Oh!
- Hey, thanks a lot.
- Pikachu.
Sure. No need to thank me.
It just couldn't continue
watching you look like a fool.
What? Aah!
So I guess you're all
new in town, huh?
If you're heading for the battle
tower, you should go this way.
Be careful.
Don't fall.
My name's ash from palette town.
How'd you like to battle
with me?
Watch out.
My brother rafe's really strong.
Blaziken too.
Blaze.
Yeah, I'd love to have
a battle with you, ash.
Let's get together
at the battle tower.
So we're finally gonna settle
this today, right, rafe?
Hello, my bespectacled beauty.
- I'm Brock.
- Stop!
You could say your friend here
has really fallen for Rebecca.
She's a good metagross trainer.
Likes to use her laptop
for strategy.
So, my name is sid.
Blastoise is my partner.
Hi. I'm may.
And this is my brother, Max.
Hey. You're kinda cute.
Kinda?
And kinda crazy, too.
Look. The battle tower.
Look, pikachu. It's right there.
Oh, I can't wait!
Pika!
T'll be back
as soon as I'm registered.
Okay.
Then we'll head to the stands.
See you.
There. Let's hurry.
Oh!
Hmm. Uh-oh.
Now where are we?
Oh, wow.
There's a library, too.
Oh!
Excuse me.
- Huh?
- Pika!
Aah!
Hold on.
What are you running away for?
Pika?
Wait.
Hold up.
Hi. Let me start that again.
We're on our way to a battle,
but we don't know
how to get there.
We're kinda lost.
Pika, pika!
Aah!
Wait. We just want to... hi.
Are you ready for your battle?
Right this way, gentlemen.
But you don't understand.
If you hurry up,
you two might just make it.
But I haven't registered yet.
That will all happen
automatically.
Now, good luck, you two.
Computer: Passports confirmed.
Two youth-level participants
entered successfully.
Great. And just in time.
Pika!
Entry for participants
in the first round is closed.
Please try again next time.
What?
Hmm.
Computer:
Now introducing our first entry.
Pika.
Here we go.
Pikachu!
Qur first match
will be an official
battle tower tag-team event.
Remember to cheer
for your favorites.
Tag-team, huh? Yeah!
We have ash ketchum
in the blue corner,
a trainer all the way
from palette town.
And his tag partner,
Tory, a local trainer.
All right, Tory. Good luck.
I wonder how ash
got entered so quickly.
By cutting in front of me.
Rebecca, there comes a time
in a man's life
when he's presented with
the gift of love at first sight.
How about pain at first pull?
Not the ear.
Professor lund,
take a look at this.
Tory? In a pokémon battle?
And in the red corner, we have
two trainers from south city.
Rafe and sid.
Hey, ash, you sure didn't waste
any time.
Of course not.
I couldn't wait to beat you.
Hey, may!
Make sure you watch.
I'm dedicating this battle
to you.
The basic rule in all tag-team
battles is teamwork.
Each trainer
uses a single pokémon
and works with his teammate.
And now, trainers,
bring out your pokémon.
All right. Here goes.
Blaze!
Blastoise!
Pikachu, I choose you.
Pika. Pikachu!
Tory, what pokémon
are you gonna use?
No, ash,
I don't have any pokémon.
There seems to be a problem.
We've seen only one pokémon
from the blue corner.
See, I was trying to tell you.
I'm not a trainer.
I can't battle.
But this could end up being
my only chance to battle rafe.
Hey, I know what.
I'll loan you one of my pokémon.
What do you say?
Come on, that'll work.
But...
Will the blue corner forfeit?
Don't let me down, Tory.
Well, if I have to.
Torkoal!
So, looks like we have
our pokémon.
Ready for a battle?
'Cause here we go.
Let's do it.
Blaziken, use Blaze kick now.
Blaziken!
Dodge, pikachu.
Go blastoise, hydro pump.
Blastoise!
Pika!
It's a dazzling combination
from the red corner.
Blastoise, bubble attack.
Blastoise!
Torkoal! Tory, you have to tell
torkoal to do something.
But I don't know
what to tell it.
Blastoise rapid spin.
Blastoise!
Torkoal!
Blast!
Ugh!
Blastoise!
Torkoal.
Pikachu, use thunderbolt.
Cover torkoal.
Pikachu!
Blastoise!
Blaziken!
Blastoise, skull bash! Go!
Blastoise!
Torkoal.
Looks like the blue corner
just can't seem to get it
together as a team.
Man, ash's partner isn't doing
anything to help him out at all.
I don't see how he could win.
Come on! Do something!
Tory, don't worry.
I'll take care of it.
Flamethrower, torkoal. Go!
Torkoal.
Torkoal!
Pika!
Whoa! A flamethrower from
torkoal, but it hit pikachu.
Oh!
How embarrassing.
So, rafe, want to finish
this one up?
Let's go.
Blaziken, overheat.
Blaziken!
Pika!
Torkoal.
Pikachu. Torkoal.
Announcer: And that's it.
Pikachu and torkoal
are unable to battle.
Rafe and sid are the winners.
Congratulations.
- Blaze!
- Blastoise!
- Tory.
- Daddy.
We just watched
your pokémon battle.
I'm incredibly proud.
Don't be.
It was all an accident.
Wasn't even supposed to happen.
Yuko, meeting you reminds me
of a time in my life
when I, too, spent long hours
toiling
as a professor's assistant.
I'm sure professor Ivy would be
happy to vouch for my work.
And I'll be happy to vouch
for his insanity.
We apologize for the mix-up
with your battle.
The truth is, Tory is completely
afraid of pokémon.
How could he be afraid
of pokémon?
Well, about four years ago, he
had a very traumatic experience,
and it left him terrified
of them.
Sadly, he still hasn't managed
to get over those fears.
Aah! Shoo! Shoo!
Wow. I shouldn't
have pushed him so hard.
But underneath it all,
I think he loves them.
All he really needs is
the chance to get to know them.
That's all.
I'm sure that's all it'll take.
Fine.
Then I'll give him that chance.
All he needs now is to become
friends with me and pikachu.
Right, pal?
Pika.
Yay! I want to help, too.
- Sodol.
- Me too.
Cool. So what do you say
we all go and look
for Tory, okay?
All: Yeah!
You're awfully kind.
Thank you.
Tory?
Pika?
Aah!
Later!
Munch.
Munch! Munch!
Munch!
Huh?
Hey! Come on out!
Where are you?
I want to tell you
something important.
You'll never guess
what I just did.
I helped out a pokémon.
It had its head stuck
inside a garbage can.
I helped to get it out.
Isn't that cool?
Hey. What are those lights?
And I was even part
of a pokémon battle, too.
Of course, I wasn't very good,
so that part kinda stunk.
Ash: Hey.
Who are you talking to?
Pika?
Hey, it's gone.
Come on, who was it?
None of your business.
What? Would it hurt to tell me?
Stop. Leave me alone, okay?
Wait a minute.
If this town is so high-tech,
why don't they have
moving sidewalks?
Or robots that serve hamburgers?
Yeah. Keep dreaming.
I'll take a hamburger, please.
Computer: Hamburger.
Yum!
Together: Hamburgers, please.
Passport. Passport. Passport.
What's a passport?
Well, I have no idea what
kind of pass he's talking about,
but, meowth, please stop
calling me "sport."
You idiot!
Hamburger!
Hey, that ain't right.
Cheeseburger!
Computer: Alert. Alert. Alert.
- Come on!
- Feed me!
That was rude.
Maybe she takes our order?
Yeah, well, I'm pretty good
at giving orders.
So I'm gonna have five
hamburgers well-done,
and don't forget
the French fries.
Well-done it is.
Jessie got fried.
Without the burgers.
I think we should battle
together again.
Bet we'll get it right
next time.
Why do you keep following me?
Gull! Gull!
Aah!
Are you okay?
Pikachu.
Aah!
Gee, thanks.
Why'd you have to go
and push me?
May: Ash, stop.
Don't start something.
Okay.
Oh!
Hey. I know.
Pika?
Mmm. Perfect.
Dig in.
T'll go first.
Second.
Hold on.
Whoa, it's hot.
Yum!
There's nothing
that can stop an argument better
than a bunch of full mouths.
Try some, Tory.
It's really good.
You're right.
Told you so.
Guys, look at all those pokémon.
Seedot.
Well, hi.
There's plenty of pokémon food,
so don't be shy.
There. Dig in, guys.
Seedot! Seedot.
Tory, don't you think
they're the cutest?
Yeah.
Hey.
I bet they'd let you pet them.
Pika!
Uh...
Pika.
Thanks, guys.
I'm sorry.
Well, we tried.
Ah, I'm sure we'll get through
to him eventually.
Oh, guys!
Munch, munch, munch.
Oh, no, it's a munchlax,
and they love to eat.
Well, guess it's doing
what it loves.
Munch.
Hey, you. That was our lunch.
Munch!
Munch. Munch. Munch.
Munch.
All: Wow.
Hey, it's a plusle and minun.
Hi, cuties.
Pika, pika.
- Pelipper!
- Murkrow!
Max: There's that light
in the sky again.
Awesome.
It's beautiful.
But that's impossible.
What is?
That's called an Aurora,
but it can only be seen at
the north and the south poles.
Strange.
Well, I guess we're lucky to be
able to see it here, right?
The same kind of luck that
brought you and me together.
Not sure what kind of luck
that was.
Hi, beautiful.
If you're looking
for a real phenomenon,
stop looking in your computer
and spend some time with me.
Okay.
You leaving her alone.
That's a phenomenon.
Well, look who's still in town.
So?
After that devastating defeat
in front of thousands of people,
I thought you might be a little
embarrassed to show your face.
Oh, yeah? How about a rematch
tomorrow in the battle tower?
No problem.
I'll beat you anytime
and anywhere.
I wouldn't count on that.
Hey, I know you.
Tory.
Hey, you guys.
Yuko and I made these for you.
Max: Cool. Pokémon cookies.
- Kathryn: Cute.
- Audrey: Yummy.
Ash: Come on out, everyone.
La-la la-la-la
la la-la-la la
both: Go!
La-la la-la-la
la la-la-la la
there's a place I know
it's always jumping
I'm thinking we should go
and leave our worries
you got a friend in me
and I'll tell you something
this time could be extraordinary
when shadows fall,
you're feeling small
it looks like walls
are closing in
don't be afraid,
the dark will fade
just take my hand and look again
this side of paradise
is where I want to be
for you and me
this side of paradise
what you get is what you see
and I never thought
I'd see a place as nice
this side of paradise
la la-la-la la
la-la la-la-la
forget about the pain and doubt
your happiness is overdue
I've been dreaming of
the skies above
dancing through the stars
with you
oh, take me to
this side of paradise
is where I want to be
for you and me
this side of paradise
what you get is what you see
for you and me
when is a sandwich
more than a sandwich?
When the sandwich is a meal.
For team rocket to steal.
Both: Dinner.
All: Ahh!
Huh?
Munch. Munch.
Did that just happen?
Munchlax. Munch.
Munch, munch, munch, munch.
It's stealing the food
we were stealing.
Oh, no, it's not!
Come back here,
you little thief!
It's gone.
You know,
I've never done that before.
What?
Just playing together
with a big bunch of friends.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I guess it's 'cause I've always
been so afraid of pokémon.
So, I'm afraid to get close
to pokémon trainers, too.
Guess I've missed out on a lot.
That means you're always alone.
Pika.
Pikachu!
But that's all in the past,
right?
Pika!
Uh...
Hmm...
- Corphish!
- Aah!
- Pika!
Corphish! Corphish!
It's okay.
There's no rush.
Okay.
That's corphish.
Cor...
Pika.
Phish.
Come on, guys. There's someone
I want you to meet.
Where are we going?
Wherever it is, I hope there's
a kitchen. I'm starving.
Your passports, please.
Verified.
My dad's lab
is right over there,
so that's why there are so
many security robots all over.
Come on out!
I'm with my new friends.
Come and meet them.
So this is your friend, Tory?
But what is it?
It's gorgeous.
And weird.
It's always here for me
whenever I call for it.
Yesterday I played
with all these guys
and their pokémon, too.
Wow, Tory, that's so cool.
And it even understands
what I say.
May: Is it a pokémon?
Max:
Not one that I've ever seen.
This is just fascinating.
What do you say I introduce
my pokémon to it?
Go!
Blaze!
Yeah. Mine, too.
Together: Don't forget ours.
- Blastoise!
- Masquerain!
Now let me introduce mine.
Metagross.
A metagross.
Awesome.
Meta.
Pika.
Blast.
I got you.
Missed it.
Pika.
Pika!
Unidentified object
approaching the building.
Can you analyze it, please?
It appears to be a rayquaza.
Rayquaza?
Contact professor lund
right now.
Right.
Professor, how could
a rayquaza be coming here?
I don't know.
But for it to leave
the ozone layer again,
there must be a powerful reason.
Do you see that?
I'll magnify it.
That's what I thought.
It's deoxys.
Computer: System malfunction.
Losing regulatory control.
Rayquaza must have come here
after sensing
that deoxys was here as well.
If those two battle it out
in our city,
the result will be catastrophic.
Evacuate larousse city
immediately.
Right away, sir.
Initiating emergency evacuation.
Fellow citizens, we are facing
an emergency situation.
Please evacuate immediately.
- What's going on?
- Easy.
It's party time.
Please be patient.
The next ferry
will arrive shortly.
What's that?
It sounds like the police.
Tory's out in the garden.
I have to go out and get him.
Everyone, evacuate immediately.
Right.
Why won't your passport work?
This never happens.
Maybe the system
is shutting down.
It stopped.
Computer: Rebooting.
Aah!
Hey!
- It's moving.
- Where are we going?
- Excuse me.
- Watch it!
Aah!
Professor lund!
Some vacation
this turned out to be.
Whose bad idea was this?
Let's just say meowth and I
were overruled.
Oh?
What's happening here?
Those things
are carrying people away.
Deoxys, why are you
doing this to us?
Huh?
The force field.
Computer: Losing power.
All systems will now shut down.
Together: You got it.
Hold on a sec.
It's multiplying.
What is that thing?
Deoxys.
You know its name?
You guys, come back.
Huh?
No! May, look out.
Hey, what do you want?
Blastoise, use hydro pump. Go.
Blastoise.
Blastoise!
Put me down!
Blast!
Sid, no!
May, get in here.
Blaziken, use flamethrower.
Blaze.
Pikachu, thunderbolt.
Pikachu!
Tory, is there another way out?
Yeah.
There's an underground exit.
Can you show us?
Yes. Follow me.
Everyone, let's go.
Blaze!
Chu!
Way to go, rafe.
All'in a day's work.
What do they want?
Let's hurry.
Come on, Brock, it's open.
Okay.
All right, ash, rafe.
We gotta go.
- Pikachu.
- Pika.
Blaze.
Guys, this way.
Pika!
Pikachu, use thunderbolt now.
Pikachu!
Thanks, pikachu.
Good thunderbolt.
Ash, what are you doing?
Let's go.
This is the way
to get out of here.
Wonder where we are now.
It seems to be safe.
There you are.
It's yuko!
Munch.
Munch?
Munch. Munch.
Professor, take a look at all
of these people shown here.
Their evacuation
hasn't been confirmed
at any
of the passport checkpoints.
I'm afraid that could mean
they're still stuck in larousse.
The entire town is enclosed
within a force field.
It's impossible for anyone
to come in or to leave.
All communication with
the outside is jammed as well.
They've switched
to backup generators,
but all systems are still down.
Even the pokéball management
system isn't functioning.
Yeah, it won't work.
How can we call out our pokémon?
Guess we can't.
Hey, Tory,
what did you call that thing?
Was it deoxys?
Yuko: That's right.
A pokémon from outer space.
What?
Four years ago, a meteorite came
down and struck the north pole.
And located inside of it was
a completely unknown pokémon.
It was professor lund who gave
that pokémon the name deoxys.
But then almost immediately
rayquaza appeared from the ozone
and attacked deoys.
Apparently,
rayquaza was threatened
and thought deoxys
was invading its territory.
Deoxys vanished
deep into the sea.
I don't get it.
How could it be the same deoxys?
After getting beaten
by rayquaza,
deoxys must have slowly
been regenerating.
Regenerating?
That's right. It has astounding
regenerative powers.
And that's what
professor lund and I
have been studying
all these years.
It sounds more like
science fiction.
This is something
I'd love to research.
But I wonder
if it could somehow get in
through a crack in the wall.
Knock it off, Max.
Yeah. Stop scaring us right now.
Just kidding.
There's no way
it's coming in through a crack.
What was that?
Come on, blaziken.
Blaziken, blaziken.
Blaziken.
Pika.
- Oh!
- Pika!
Munch.
Hey, that's the pokémon
that ate every bite of our food.
Are you stuck in there,
munchlax?
Let's see.
Qur sandwiches.
Everything
but the peanut butter.
And of course that one was mine.
Wait. Hold on.
Okay, please just don't come
any closer, you two.
Pika. Pikachu.
Munch.
I'm so hungry.
Soam I.
Me too.
Munch?
Munchlax.
Really? I can have it?
Munch, munch.
All: No, thanks.
Munch.
We have to find food and water
right away.
Great, and I'll try and find out
where those people were taken.
Yuko, take care of my sisters,
please.
Of course.
But don't you worry about us.
- You take care of yourselves.
- We will.
All right, let's go.
Munchlax.
I'm worried, Max.
I really hope they're all okay.
Yeah, me, too.
I wish they'd hurry
and come back.
Still no good.
Nothing's happening.
Yeah, it must be tied
into the town's system.
I can see the food in there.
We just need to figure out
a way to break in.
Pika, pika!
Pikachu!
It worked.
Pikachu, great idea.
Pikachu!
Whoa! Gotta catch them all.
Pika!
Pikachu.
Pika?
Huh? What is it, pikachu?
- Look out!
- Run!
Pika!
Plusle. Minun.
- Put me down.
- Let go.
Pikachu!
Aah!
No!
Pika!
Here they all come, guys.
Come on, Tory. Let's go.
It looks like they're all gone.
That was close.
Oh, plusle.
It's all my fault.
I should have...
I'm sorry.
Pika. Pika, pika.
Pikachu.
Ash.
Look what I just found.
Precious water.
All right!
Okay, so that's where they're
holding everyone captive.
I guess,
but what in the world for?
Computer: Release immediately.
Release immediately.
Release.
It let go.
But why?
Hmm? Go back.
Let me just take
another look at that.
Sure.
Skit. Sur.
Surskit. Surskit.
What is it?
What's wrong?
Pika.
- Aah!
Let's get out of here.
Yuko: Yes, there's
an underground laboratory.
Let's go.
Follow me.
Munchlax!
Munch, munch, munch, munch.
Try and stay calm.
Now go.
We should be safe down here
for the time being.
That's good.
Blaze. Blaze.
Pika.
Ash: What's this?
Yuko: The lab where we studied
deoxys and its regeneration.
There were actually
two of them before.
Rayquaza defeated one while the
other deoxys was still dormant
inside of this meteorite.
Rebecca: You're saying that...
Yes. That crystal.
It's a part of deoxys.
Part of.
What do you mean?
What?
Hey, Tory, it's your friend.
Pika.
Wait a second.
Then Tory's friend is...
Right.
It's deoxys.
That's it!
It all makes sense.
This is Tory's friend's
light pattern.
And this is the pattern of the
Aurora that covered larousse.
It's the same.
Yeah, I think it might be
how they communicate.
Oh. I see.
So, can you tell what it says?
Well, let's start
with the green pattern.
This one means "friend."
And this one seems to be asking,
"where are you?"
So it's just looking
for its friend?
Pika.
Of course.
Deoxys carried off
all those people and pokémon
because they were interfering
while it searched for its
friend.
Deoxys sees certain types
of electrical fields.
But it's not only
electrical devices
that give off those fields.
So do people and pokémon.
And they were blocking
its vision.
That's why it's moving them
out of the way.
To find it.
Please, yuko.
You've got to help
this deoxys regenerate.
It's so sad.
It's been alone
all of this time.
You're right.
Once deoxys finds its friend,
it'll go back home.
Pikachu!
The problem is the emergency
power we're running on
isn't nearly enough necessary
to operate this device.
If it's electricity you want,
then I'm your guy.
I can get
the wind generators going.
Together: Can we help?
We'll need everyone's help to
save those people and pokémon.
Let's start working on a plan.
Then we'll go to where
they're being held.
I'll zero in on it.
That's where they all are.
Great. Let's go get them, guys.
All: All right!
T'll never take an escalator
for granted again.
Deoxys, we're not your enemies.
We're your friends.
If you'll trust us, we can help
you find your friend.
I promise.
Blaziken, use flamethrower now!
Pikachu, thunderbolt them.
Pikachu!
Metagross, use reflector.
Meta.
Quick. Now's our chance.
This way.
Now overheat.
Blaze!
You okay?
We're fine, ash. Just go on.
Rafe can handle it.
Just don't let anything happen
to my sisters, ash.
You can count on that.
Blaziken, overheat.
Blaze!
Rayquaza has broken through.
What have I done?
Blaze!
Relax, blaziken.
Blaze.
Rayquaza.
Now, what's that?
All right, let's do it just
like we planned, okay, guys?
Gotcha.
We're with you, ash.
Munch, munch, munch, munch.
Munchlax!
Come on! There's no time
for you to go back for it.
Munchlax!
You ready?
Just about.
All we need is the electricity.
But if we had that,
we wouldn't need to fix it.
What are they doing over there?
I'm hoping he pulls
a sandwich out of that box.
From your lips to my stomach.
You guys,
we've come to help you.
Hey, ash, we're up here!
You got pikachu and plusle,
right?
Yeah.
We're all set.
Pika!
Pikachu, plusle,
thunderbolt now!
Chu!
There's your electricity.
That's good. Stop.
All right. We're recharged.
Yeah!
All right!
You were great, Tory.
Let's go.
Yeah.
That should do it.
Coming down!
Hey, may, I'm coming for you!
Was that sid?
Together: And rafe.
May!
Gross.
Metagross.
Audrey, Kathryn, you okay?
Uh-huh. We're fine.
Where's ash and the others?
They went back
to the laboratory.
Okay, are you ready
to get started on this?
Perfect. The power's back on.
- Yeah, those guys pulled it off.
- Mm-hmm.
Blaziken.
Metagross.
My cramp's getting a cramp.
We're always spinning our
wheels, but this is ridiculous.
Just pedal!
I'm set.
Are you both ready to use
the laser?
Yes.
I think you
should turn it on, Tory.
It is your friend, after all.
So you should do it.
Here goes.
Pika.
Still no good.
Oh, no.
We're still 20% short on energy.
Wow. We're so close.
Okay, pikachu, plusle, minun.
You know what to do.
Pika!
Pikachu!
Great idea.
We got just what we need.
It works.
All right.
We did it!
Deoxys, it's really you.
Pika!
Deoxys, do you want to go
find your friend now?
Both: Oh!
Pika?
Pika!
The force field's gone.
Just like that?
Pika!
Hey, knock it off.
Stop, rayquaza.
Pika.
Warning.
Danger.
Evacuate.
What happened?
Security somehow started up.
Warning. Evacuate.
Munch, munch.
Somehow security
has gone on overdrive.
It won't shut down.
- Yuko.
- Professor lund.
Everything's totally
out of control.
Ash, I'm scared.
Rayquaza. Deoxys.
Pika!
Whoa!
Plusle. Minun.
Pikachu!
- Whoa!
- Pika!
They almost hit us that time.
Let's try and get back to yuko.
Tory, can you hear me?
- Tory?
- Daddy.
You must listen to me
very carefully.
As you can see, all of the
block robots are malfunctioning.
The chief robot which controls
all other block robots
should be near you.
We no longer have power
over that robot from the booth.
Understand?
So here's what you have to do.
And I need for you to be brave.
Tory, do you have your passport?
You must present your passport
to the chief robot.
Then everything should unlock,
but only for a brief moment.
That should allow us
just enough time
to regain control and
shut down the security system.
Block robots are surrounding
the battle tower,
making any approach
by us impossible.
Son, the fate of our town
is in your hands.
I know we can count on you.
Computer: Warning.
Evacuate.
Warning.
Don't you worry, sir.
Pikachu and I are gonna help
Tory save this town.
Together.
Pika!
We've gotta get to that tower.
Look at that.
Quick. Let's go.
Okay. Just a little more.
Whoa!
Munch! Munch, munch.
Munchlax?
Snorlax.
A snorlax?
That's it!
Sorry.
- Oh!
- Pika!
Hey, ash!
Tory, don't worry.
I'm okay.
I'll take care of this.
Pika.
Pikachu!
Pika!
Oh, wow. Cool.
I'm right behind you.
Pikachu!
Aah! No!
Oh, no!
Pikachu!
Ash, use my passport!
Throw it!
Pika.
Pika!
Pikachu!
Pika, pika!
Aah! Aah!
This better work!
Computer:
Passport has been verified.
Disengaging all locks.
I'm almost there.
Disengage!
It worked, guys.
Oh, no! Tory!
Deoxys.
Pika!
Pikachu!
Pika, pika!
Pika, pika.
Pika!
Snorlax.
Tory!
Daddy!
Tory.
Hi, dad.
I'm so happy you're safe.
But I'm only okay
'cause of my friends.
Come on, guys.
That tickles.
Pika.
Goodbye.
T'll miss you.
I wonder where they're going.
Yeah.
But now, wherever they go,
they'll always have each other.
Pikachu.
Hey, pikachu.
I'm glad that you and I
will always have each other.
Pika.
Pikachu!
I must have lost
20 pounds so far.
And you already lost you mind.
And I'm losing my Patience, so
just shut up and keep pedaling.
La-la la-la-la
la la-la-la la
la-la la-la-la
there's a place I know
it's always jumping
I'm thinking we should go
and leave our worries
you got a friend in me
and I'll tell you something
this time could be extraordinary
when shadows fall,
you're feeling small
it looks like walls
are closing in
don't be afraid,
the dark will fade
just take my hand and look again
this side of paradise
is where I want to be
for you and me
this side of paradise
what you get is what you see
and I never thought
I'd see a place as nice
this side of paradise
la la-la-la la
la-la la-la-la
we're gonna take a ride
we're gonna catch that train
when you're at my side,
the world has hope, and
as we pass on by
we all look the same
the clouds are high,
the world is open
forget about the pain and doubt
your happiness is overdue
I've been dreaming of
the skies above
dancing through the stars
with you
oh, take me to
this side of paradise
is where I want to be
for you and me
this side of paradise
what you get is what you see
and I never thought
I'd see a place as nice
this side of paradise
la la-la-la la
for you and me
this side of paradise
la-la la-la-la
I've been dreaming
this side of paradise
for you and me
dreaming
this side of paradise
for you and me
dreaming
this side of paradise
la-la la-la-la
for you and me
oh
There's a place I know
it's always jumping
I'm thinking we should go
and leave our worries
you got a friend in me
and I'll tell you something
this time could be extraordinary
when shadows fall,
you're feeling small
it looks like walls
are closing in
don't be afraid,
the dark will fade
just take my hand and look again
this side of paradise
is where I want to be
for you and me
this side of paradise
what you get is what you see
and I never thought
I'd see a place as nice
this side of paradise
la la-la-la la
la-la la-la-la
we're gonna take a ride
we're gonna catch that train
when you're at my side,
the world has hope, and
as we pass on by
we all look the same
the clouds are high,
the world is open
forget about the pain and doubt
your happiness is overdue
I've been dreaming of
the skies above
dancing through the stars
with you
oh, take me to
this side of paradise
is where I want to be
for you and me
this side of paradise
what you get is what you see
and I never thought
I'd see a place as nice
this side of paradise
la la-la-la la
for you and me
this side of paradise
la-la la-la-la
I've been dreaming
this side of paradise
for you and me
dreaming
this side of paradise
la-la la-la-la
for you and me
this side of paradise
la-la la-la-la